Sw Syncing RFC (#102)
tari-project/tari: RFC/src/Glossary.md

A Tari Wallet is responsible for managing key pairs, and for constructing and negotiating [transaction]s for transferring and receiving [tari coin]s on the [Base Layer]. 

## Pruning horizon

> [pruninghorizon]: #pruninghorizon	"Block height at which  pruning must commence"

Reviewer: double space between "which" and "pruning"

Reviewer: Is this statement a `must` statement? It seems a little aggressive to use must which is usually reserved for requirements and this horizon is a settable value. I would suggest must = will

> This is a local setting for each node to help reduce required syncing. This is the age in block height after which a block may be pruned.

Reviewer 2: I don't think that "after" and "age are the best terms here. What about

```suggestion
This is a local setting for each node to help reduce syncing time and bandwidth. This is the number of blocks from the chain tip beyond which a chain will be pruned.
```
